# COMPANY DETAILS
These are the details of each company Natalie has worked at - what the companies actually do.
1. HDH Associates, P.C.,: 3 businesses in 1, Natalie’s(my) job included working at all 3 businesses. The main business (HDH Associates) is a full-service architectural and engineering firm specializing in roofing, waterproofing, and building envelope consulting. They offer design, renovation, and construction services, working mostly in the college and community college systems and on government contracts nation-wide. The second business is HDH Technical, Inc., which is an environmental health, safety, and consulting firm that focuses on on-site investigations, including asbestos, lead, and mold surveys, indoor air quality assessments, industrial hygiene sampling, other OSHA compliance issues, and also specializes in abatement design and project monitoring. The third company is Blacksburg Environmental Solutions & Training, Inc. (BEST, Inc.), which is a provider of professional certification classes for individuals working with hazardous materials. They are an approved training provider for the Virginia Board for Asbestos, Lead, and Home Inspectors. Their classes are designed to help professionals obtain or maintain the state-required licenses for environmental abatement.
2. Bitlathe: computer programming and web development company, provided custom web applications and content management services for clients. Main clients were financial entities and affiliates of Ameriprise Financial
3. The Undead Institute: educational technology and content creation company that teaches web development skills (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) through a zombie-themed, gamified, and humorous approach. They published numerous books. 
4. Devmountain: an immersive coding bootcamp and tech school that offers in-person and online training in web development, iOS development, user experience (UX) design, software QA, and data analytics. Now part of Strayer University, it focuses on career-focused education with short-term, intensive courses.  
5. Sesame Communications: a technology firm, specializing in cloud-based patient engagement, marketing, and communication solutions exclusively for dental and orthodontic practices. It helps practices build their brand, improve patient interaction, and streamline operations, offering web design, SEO, and social media services. Is a brand of Henry Schein One.
6. HostingCT: is a women-owned, digital agency that provides comprehensive web services. They specialize in website design, development, hosting, and digital marketing (SEO, social media) for small- to medium-sized businesses and non-profits. They operate as a "one-stop shop" for online business needs.